LO1: 
Analyse the concepts of vocabulary (lexical), syntax and semantics of a scripting language and distinguish the properties of different types of scripting language data.
Analyse and define memory model of each data type and computational and memory complexity of functions and methods dealing with certain data types.

LO2: 
Define and apply procedural programming concepts in a scripting language.
Apply certain algorithms with procedural programming concepts.

LO3: 
Analyse the logical and physical organization of script programming language code and use existing script programming language libraries.	
Apply the logical and physical organization of script programming language to complex concepts (e.g. packets).

LO4: !!!Missing exercises!!!
-> !!!FOR SATURDAY!!!
Define and apply the concepts of object-oriented programming in a scripting language and describe the above concepts with a UML class diagram.	
Apply certain object-oriented concepts in a scripting language (e.g. iterator, generator).

LO5: !!!Missing exercises!!!
- read/write to textfile
- read/write to binary file (encode(), decode())
- serialize/deserialize to/from binary
- serialize/deserialize to/from JSON
Analyse differences in data formats and distinguish appropriate data formats with regard to the way they are used using a scripting language.	
Apply serialization and deserialization to different data types (e.g. binary and text data).

LO6: Unit tests, ex 41-45
Describe and apply testing and quality assurance techniques for scripting language software.
Apply and describe data setup before and after testing.

LO7: Visualization, ex 46-50
Describe and apply library capabilities for data visualization.	
Apply libraries for data visualization using object-oriented architecture.

LO8: Networking, ex 32-35, ex 38 (ex 36-37 and ex 39-40 are upgrade) 
Analyse the possibility of using a scripting language in a network domain and define a conceptual OSI model of communication.
Apply networking libraries to fetch remote data and map the data to certain data types of scripting programming language.
